sycl: initial cmake support of SYCL for AMD GPUs (#9658)
ggml-org/llama.cpp: docs/backend/SYCL.md

### Llama.cpp + SYCL

> The llama.cpp SYCL backend is designed to support **Intel GPU** firstly. Based on the cross-platform feature of SYCL, it could support other vendor GPUs: Nvidia and AMD GPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The llama.cpp SYCL backend is designed to support **Intel GPU** firstly. Based on the cross-platform feature of SYCL, it also supports other vendor GPUs: Nvidia and AMD GPU.
```
